Problem 11. Programming Languages

Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the 
most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 
sentences about each of them. Use English.

Programming Languages:

1) C
C is a general purpose, imperative programming language. C is mostly used for implementing embedded applications
and operating systems.
C is a compiled language, the code is directly translated into machine code. C# is a mixture of a 
compiled and interpreted language - the C# code is compiled to an intermediate language (CIL).
C# has a higher level of abstraction,  compared to C.

2) C++
C++, another representative of the compiled language family, builds on C overcoming many of its limitations. 
C++ has a higher level of abstraction compared to C but lower than C#. It is the most complicated language
in the C famil, useful for nearly every programming task in Win32 and .NET. C# is only available on .NET.
C++ is used to develop application and system software, client applications, games, etc.

3) Java
Both C# and JAVA are "pure" object-oriented languages, any class in either language implicitly (or
explicitly) subclasses an object - they are both class-based object-oriented. 
They are both "type-safe" languages, use garbage-collection, and are designed with semi-interpretation or
runtime compilation in mind.
C# is better than JAVA in: the language-defined properties, delegates and related features, extension
methods, expression trees, events, LINQ. Hoewever, JAVA has huge open sourse ecosystem.

4) Python
Python is a general-purpose, high-level programming language which supports multiple programming paradigms - 
including object-oriented, imperative, and functional programming or procedural styles. Python's libraries
are open source. Python is a dynamic programming language, whereas C# is static.

5) PHP
PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose 
programming language. PHP is a dynamic programming language, whereas C# is static. 
Also, PHP is not an object-oriented language such as C# and it does not support threading.

6) Ruby
Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language.
C# offers better performance than Ruby.